docs/references/online.rst, before:

Online Training
===============

Standard Training
-----------------

.. module:: d3rlpy.online

d3rlpy provides not only offline training, but also online training utilities.
Despite being designed for offline training algorithms, d3rlpy is flexible
enough to be trained in an online manner with a few more utilities.

.. code-block:: python

    import gym

    from d3rlpy.algos import DQN
    from d3rlpy.online.buffers import ReplayBuffer
    from d3rlpy.online.explorers import LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy

    # setup environment
    env = gym.make('CartPole-v0')
    eval_env = gym.make('CartPole-v0')

    # setup algorithm
    dqn = DQN(batch_size=32,
              learning_rate=2.5e-4,
              target_update_interval=100,
              use_gpu=True)

    # setup replay buffer
    buffer = ReplayBuffer(maxlen=1000000, env=env)

    # setup explorers
    explorer = LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy(start_epsilon=1.0,
                                        end_epsilon=0.1,
                                        duration=10000)

    # start training
    dqn.fit_online(env,
                   buffer,
                   explorer=explorer, # you don't need this with probablistic policy algorithms
                   eval_env=eval_env,
                   n_epochs=30,
                   n_steps_per_epoch=1000,
                   n_updates_per_epoch=100)


Replay Buffer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   :nosignatures:

   d3rlpy.online.buffers.ReplayBuffer


Explorers
~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   :nosignatures:

   d3rlpy.online.explorers.ConstantEpsilonGreedy
   d3rlpy.online.explorers.LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy
   d3rlpy.online.explorers.NormalNoise


Batch Concurrent Training
-------------------------

d3rlpy supports computationally efficient batch concurrent training.

.. code-block:: python

    import gym

    from d3rlpy.algos import DQN
    from d3rlpy.envs import AsyncBatchEnv
    from d3rlpy.online.buffers import BatchReplayBuffer
    from d3rlpy.online.explorers import LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy

    # this condition is necessary due to spawning processes
    if __name__ == '__main__':
        env = AsyncBatchEnv([lambda: gym.make('CartPole-v0') for _ in range(10)])

        eval_env = gym.make('CartPole-v0')

        # setup algorithm
        dqn = DQN(batch_size=32,
                  learning_rate=2.5e-4,
                  target_update_interval=100,
                  use_gpu=True)

        # setup replay buffer
        buffer = BatchReplayBuffer(maxlen=1000000, env=env)

        # setup explorers
        explorer = LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy(start_epsilon=1.0,
                                            end_epsilon=0.1,
                                            duration=10000)

        # start training
        dqn.fit_batch_online(env,
                             buffer,
                             explorer=explorer, # you don't need this with probablistic policy algorithms
                             eval_env=eval_env,
                             n_epochs=30,
                             n_steps_per_epoch=1000,
                             n_updates_per_epoch=100)

For the environment wrapper, please see :class:`d3rlpy.envs.AsyncBatchEnv`
and :class:`d3rlpy.envs.SyncBatchEnv`.

Replay Buffer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   :nosignatures:

   d3rlpy.online.buffers.BatchReplayBuffer

Commit message:

update document to fit the fit_online api

docs/references/online.rst, after:

Online Training
===============

Standard Training
-----------------

.. module:: d3rlpy.online

d3rlpy provides not only offline training, but also online training utilities.
Despite being designed for offline training algorithms, d3rlpy is flexible
enough to be trained in an online manner with a few more utilities.

.. code-block:: python

    import gym

    from d3rlpy.algos import DQN
    from d3rlpy.online.buffers import ReplayBuffer
    from d3rlpy.online.explorers import LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy

    # setup environment
    env = gym.make('CartPole-v0')
    eval_env = gym.make('CartPole-v0')

    # setup algorithm
    dqn = DQN(batch_size=32,
              learning_rate=2.5e-4,
              target_update_interval=100,
              use_gpu=True)

    # setup replay buffer
    buffer = ReplayBuffer(maxlen=1000000, env=env)

    # setup explorers
    explorer = LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy(start_epsilon=1.0,
                                        end_epsilon=0.1,
                                        duration=10000)

    # start training
    dqn.fit_online(env,
                   buffer,
                   explorer=explorer, # you don't need this with probablistic policy algorithms
                   eval_env=eval_env,
                   n_steps=30000, # the number of total steps to train.
                   n_steps_per_epoch=1000,
                   update_interval=10) # the number of total steps to train.


Replay Buffer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   :nosignatures:

   d3rlpy.online.buffers.ReplayBuffer


Explorers
~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   :nosignatures:

   d3rlpy.online.explorers.ConstantEpsilonGreedy
   d3rlpy.online.explorers.LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy
   d3rlpy.online.explorers.NormalNoise


Batch Concurrent Training
-------------------------

d3rlpy supports computationally efficient batch concurrent training.

.. code-block:: python

    import gym

    from d3rlpy.algos import DQN
    from d3rlpy.envs import AsyncBatchEnv
    from d3rlpy.online.buffers import BatchReplayBuffer
    from d3rlpy.online.explorers import LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy

    # this condition is necessary due to spawning processes
    if __name__ == '__main__':
        env = AsyncBatchEnv([lambda: gym.make('CartPole-v0') for _ in range(10)])

        eval_env = gym.make('CartPole-v0')

        # setup algorithm
        dqn = DQN(batch_size=32,
                  learning_rate=2.5e-4,
                  target_update_interval=100,
                  use_gpu=True)

        # setup replay buffer
        buffer = BatchReplayBuffer(maxlen=1000000, env=env)

        # setup explorers
        explorer = LinearDecayEpsilonGreedy(start_epsilon=1.0,
                                            end_epsilon=0.1,
                                            duration=10000)

        # start training
        dqn.fit_batch_online(env,
                             buffer,
                             explorer=explorer, # you don't need this with probablistic policy algorithms
                             eval_env=eval_env,
                             n_epochs=30,
                             n_steps_per_epoch=1000,
                             n_updates_per_epoch=100)

For the environment wrapper, please see :class:`d3rlpy.envs.AsyncBatchEnv`
and :class:`d3rlpy.envs.SyncBatchEnv`.

Replay Buffer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autosummary::
   :toctree: generated/
   :nosignatures:

   d3rlpy.online.buffers.BatchReplayBuffer
